1. In the most concise way possible, answer this question, what is 42? How would you
describe 42 to someone who doesn’t know what 42 is?

42 is a tuition-free computer programing school with a peer-to-peer pedagogy & project-based learning environment.

2. Why are there no instructions on the initial 42 logic tests?

The intention of instruction's absence on the initial 42 logic tests is to see 
how the potential student can handle being in a new situation without instructions, 
will he/she wait to be told what to do, or will he/she interact with a new environment freely.  

3. What are the core 42 principles?

42's core principles are about creating a safe, productive, knowledgable environment for individuals 
to build new products, ideas and knowledge base.

4. If somebody is thinking of going to 42, but has no coding experience - do you really
think it’s worth their time?

I would recomend "Piscine" as a starter to see if they even like code before pursuing a path in the field. 
The piscine is an educational accelerator that allows anyone to try their best to learn new concepts and 
apply those in the same program. It is worth the effort because computing is only going to be more important in the future. 

5. What makes 42 unique?

There are many things that are unique about 42:
- the school is free  
- facilities are amazing
- the teachers are you, your peers, the best way to learn is by learning how to explain
- the flexability to use your schedule to your advantage (not everyone works best in a 9-5) 
- it's a school where you can meet others from all over the world

6. What do you think you’re learning the most at 42?

The core thing that I am learning at 42 is how to learn. Collaborating with others and using different resources to 
solve any kind of issues are essential skills for any software engineer.

7. Imagine (this will happen very soon in real life!), you’ve been stuck on the problem
for a while and have no idea what to do - what your next steps would be?

I should search the internet then ask peers for a piece of advice to get ideas for solutions 
(sometimes it's a common problem and there are other students who are struggling or 
have struggled with the same or similar problem). No one knows everything.

8. How will you ensure that your personal level of motivation remains high on a daily
basis to complete at least 1 level per month without the Piscine pressure and strict deadlines?

I plan to work every day. I chose to come to this school and I have been given an excellent opportunity, 
so why would I waste that? It's a good chance to get a job in programmimg field!!

9. If someone asks you why it says internships are required on the 42 website, but they
do not offer job placement, what would you say?

I would say that the main goal of 42 is to secure people with a career foundation since education is the key to obtaining a job.

10. How do the internships work? Is it mandatory that you have to reach a certain level
before leaving on an internship or can you validate it anytime you find one?

We must achieve certain levels so that the internship experience is most appropriate. When students reach level 7, 
they can reach out to companies that are either associated or separate from 42. 

11. How does 42 help you adapt to a work place?

42 helps adapt students to a workplace in a few different ways: 
- the project based curriculumm allows you to get accustomed to working on one set task for a set amount of time
- the ability to reach out to others is esential in a workplace
- the time you spend in the lab allows you to get accustomed to the hours of an actual work week
Thus, you are able to become comfortable at your work station in the lab.


Bonus
Find 5 cadets with at least level 5 and ask what project they are working on currently,
or
ask 3 people in the Bocal what is their current task,
or
.... talk to GAETAN about his favorite pizza places!


Gaetan favourite pizza place is Le Tiki restaurant (Location: Domaine Saint Cyprien, Lecci, Porto-Vecchio, Corsica, France).
